Go into the past and meet your ancestors or go into the future and meet your great-great grandchildren?
Have more time or more money? Would you rather have a rewind button or a pause button on your life?
Be able to talk with the animals or speak all foreign languages?
Win the lottery or live twice as long?
Feel worse if no one showed up to your wedding or to your funeral?
Be without internet for a week, or without your phone?
Meet George Washington, or the current President?
Lose your vision or your hearing?
Work more hours per day, but fewer days or work fewer hours per day, but more days?
Listen to music from the 70’s or music from today?
Become someone else or just stay you?
Be Batman or Spiderman?
Be stuck on a broken ski lift or in a broken elevator?
Receive cash or gifts for your birthday?
Go to a movie or to dinner alone?
Always say everything on your mind or never speak again?
Make a phone call or send a text?
Read an awesome book or watch a good movie?
Be the most popular person at work or school or the smartest?
Put a stop to war or end world hunger?
Spend the night in a luxury hotel room or camping surrounded by beautiful scenery?
Explore space or the ocean?
Go deep sea diving or bungee jumping?
Be a kid your whole life or an adult your whole life?
Go on a cruise with friends or with your spouse?
Lose your keys or your cell phone?
Eat a meal of cow tongue or octopus?
Have x-ray vision or magnified hearing?
Work in a group or work alone?
Be stuck on an island alone or with someone who talks incessantly?
Be too hot or too cold?
Have a cook or a maid?
Be the youngest or the oldest sibling?
Get rich through hard work or through winning the lottery?
have a 10-hour dinner with a headstrong politician from an opposing party, or attend a 10-hour concert for a music group you detest?
Be an Olympic gold medalist or a Nobel Peace Prize winner?
Have a desk job or an outdoor job?
Live at the top of a tall NYC apartment building or at the top of a mountain?
Have Rambo or The Terminator on your side?
Be proposed to in private or in front of family and friends?
Have to sew all your clothes or grow your own food?
Hear the good news or the bad news first?
Be your own boss or work for someone else?
Have nosy neighbors or noisy neighbors?
Be on a survival reality show or dating game show?
Be too busy or be bored?
Watch the big game at home or live at the stadium.
Spend the day with your favorite athlete or you favorite movie star?
Live where it is constantly winter or where it is constantly summer?
Travel the US and see the sights in a motorhome or by plane?
Be a little late or way too early?
Have an unlimited gift certificate to a restaurant or a clothing store?
Date someone you met online or go on a blind date?
Your kids wear a uniform to school or clothing of their choice?
Have many good friends or one very best friend?
Live in Antarctica or the Sahara Dessert?
Be able to take back anything you say or hear every conversation around you?
Be 4’5” or 7’7”?
Be poor and work at a job you love, or rich and work at a job you hate?
Have your flight delayed by 8 hours or lose your luggage?
Be in your pajamas or a suit all day?
Have your first child when you are 18 or 40?
Be the star player on a losing basketball team or ride the bench on a winning one?
Spend the next year exempt from all taxes or have a one-month paid vacation?
Have the best house in a bad neighborhood or the worst house in a good neighborhood?
Be filthy rich and live 400 years ago or be poor but live today?
Be gossiped about or never talked about at all?
End hunger or hatred?
Be an unknown major league baseball player or a famous badminton star?
Go without TV or junk food the rest of your life?
Spend the day at an amusement park or lazing on the beach?
Be fluent in all languages or be a master of every musical instrument?
Sing a song in front of complete strangers or your closest friends?
Own your own boat or your own plane?
Meet the president of the United States or a movie star?
Spend two weeks stuck in a psychiatric hospital or stuck in an airport?
Spend 20 years in prison and be exonerated as innocent or be put away for four years (despite your innocence) and be considered guilty forever?
Own a house or rent a residence?
Be known as a one-hit wonder for a novel or a song?
Take an action-packed European vacation or spend two weeks at the same Caribbean resort?
Be a character in an action-packed thriller or a romantic comedy?
Be stuck on a train or a bus?
Be a part of an arranged marriage or spend your life as a single person?
Babysit a crying infant for a day or have an unwanted houseguest for a week?
Be locked in an amusement park or a library?
Sing like an opera star or cook like a gourmet chef?
Have your debt forgiven or have guaranteed good health for a decade?
Live the rest of your life as a monk or followed continuously by paparazzi?
Be given a lifetime supply of delicious food or books?
Be able to breath underwater or fly through the air?
Be known for your intelligence or your good looks?
Eat pizza or ice cream as the only food for eternity?
Mentally or physically never age?
Change your eye color or your hair color?
Have the details of your financial life or your love life be made public?
Spend a year as a cop or a teacher in an inner-city neighborhood?
Have a family of 12 children or never be able to have children at all?